### OpenApi Generator Tools

Portions of this code are generated by oag-tools based on an OpenApi v3.1 specification.  
The goal of the generator is to provide an Api to RESTful services (base on the specification), while abstracting away the notion of http transport (whenever feasible).
Your application simply deals with Api interfaces:

```typescript
export interface PetApi {
	addPet(body: Pet): Promise<Pet>;
	getPetById(petId: bigint): Promise<Pet>;
}
```

## Rapid development

As your OpenApi specification evolves, you can quickly re-generate the code that defines your services.

The generator will produce both the runtime implementations of each interface,
and optionally, a mocked implementation of each interface which can be used for testing,
**or even embedded** in your application runtime.  
This can eliminate dependence on a remote server during the development process,
which of course is considerably easier than trying to mock out your low level http service,
or worse requiring a centrally hosted, up-to-date server that everyone is stepping all over anyway.

## Opinionated Configuration

There is no accounting developer taste (including my own) :-)  
oag-tools has strong opinions about some things, but allows great flexibility regarding others.
Pre-built user customizable templates are used to configure naming conventions, formating, layout, etc.
Pre-built templates also provide the ability to easily target various frameworks and environments (node, browser, axios, angular, sinon, jasmine, etc.)
Underlying this configurability however are some strong opinions.
Service Apis should abstract away (whenever feasible) the notion of http transport (paths, headers, encodings, etc.).
Callers should access services via interfaces (as apposed to implementations), although in truth, this is more what you'd call 'guidelines' than actual rules.
All remote service calls should support configuration that allows for pre/post hooks to handle things that a spec cannot easily define
(such as providing tokens for authentication, adding additional transport headers not described in the spec, etc.).

Omit, move, rename as you wish, the generator is able to output the following directories:

* models: (data interfaces)
* dto: (data classes)
* schema: (json schema as an const object literal)
* api: (service endpoints grouped into interfaces by tag)
* services: (implementations of each api interface)
* mocks: (spyable implementation of each api interface)
* internal: (a collection of files used by generated implementation classes)

## Correctness, Compatibility, and Efficiency

The generator understands many of the nuances of OpenApi, including how to properly encode and most efficiently transport requests to a remote server.
There is more to doing this right, than most folks realize.

## Dependency Injection is king

Code from oag-tools works most optimally with dependency injection.
This allows your code to be written around a simple interface like the `PetApi` shown above,
while still allowing you to easily swap out remote access implementations, or local mocked responses.
Currently `async-injection` and `angular-injection` are supported, but others can easily be added
(feel free to submit a PR).

## Json Schema is king

oag-tools contains utilities to help migrate any OpenApi specification >= 2 to a 3.1 specification.
Code can only be generated from a 3.1 specification, which also allows us to generate Json Schema definitions that you can optionally validate data against.
This also allows us to easily generate dynamic yet valid mocked data.
