### OpenApi Generator Tools

Portions of this code are generated by oag-tools based on an OpenApi v3.1 specification.  
The goal of the generator is to provide RESTful services (base on the specification), while abstracting away (when feasible) the notion of an http web server.  
Your application simply deals with Api service implementations:

```typescript
export class PetApiSrvc extends PetApi {
	/** @inheritDoc */
	public override addPet(body: Pet): Promise<HttpResponse<Pet>> {
		// Returning null *instead* of Promies<null> triggers FrameworkUtils 
        // to respond with appropriate mock data for this endpoint.
        // This means frontend clients immediately have an endpoint which returns specification conforming data
        // that they can develop UI against.
		return null;
	}
	/** @inheritDoc */
	public override getPetById(petId: bigint): Promise<HttpResponse<Pet>> {
		// As you implement your code, you would return a real Pet (or http error).
		return null;
	}
}
```

## Rapid development

As your OpenApi specification evolves, you can quickly re-generate the code that defines your RESTful server.  
**Importantly**, by default, your service implementation (above) will **not** be over-written.  
The generator will regenerate all the handlers, mappers, endpoint registrations, etc., but will not trash your implementation work.  
Please note that `PetApi` is generated as an abstract class, **and** the service implementation uses the `override` keyword.
This approach ensures that if the spec changes, TypeScript will immediately flag your service implementation as being out of sync
with the underlying generated code, so you never accidentally overlook a needed modification to your services' signature.

## Correctness, Compatibility, and Efficiency

All the supported server frameworks (openapi-backend, fastify-openapi-glue, express-openapi-validator) natively
support incoming and outgoing data validation based on your OpenApi specification.
They also all provide the needed hooks to implement the security mechanisms defined in your specification.

## Dependency Injection is king

Code from oag-tools works most optimally with dependency injection.
This allows your code to be written around a simple interface like the `PetApiSrvc` shown above,
without complicated server setup.
Currently `async-injection` is supported, but others can easily be added
(feel free to submit a PR).

## Json Schema is king

oag-tools contains utilities to help migrate any OpenApi specification >= 2 to a 3.1 specification.
Code can only be generated from a 3.1 specification, which also allows us to generate Json Schema definitions that inputs and outputs are validated against.
This also allows us to easily generate dynamic yet valid mocked data until such time as you are able to fully implement each endpoint.
